docs: add Alibaba Cloud ALB Ingress introduction (#54258)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress-controllers.md

{{% thirdparty-content %}}

* [AKS Application Gateway Ingress Controller](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/application-gateway/tutorial-ingress-controller-add-on-existing?toc=https%3A%2F%2Fdocs.microsoft.com%2Fen-us%2Fazure%2Faks%2Ftoc.json&bc=https%3A%2F%2Fdocs.microsoft.com%2Fen-us%2Fazure%2Fbread%2Ftoc.json) is an ingress controller that configures the [Azure Application Gateway](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/application-gateway/overview).

> * [Alibaba Cloud ALB Ingress](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/en/ack/ack-managed-and-ack-dedicated/user-guide/alb-ingress-management-1) is an ingress controller that configures the [Alibaba Cloud Application Load Balancer](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/en/slb/application-load-balancer/product-overview/what-is-alb), which is also the commercial version of [Alibaba Load Balancer Controller](https://github.com/alibaba/alibaba-load-balancer-controller).

Reviewer: Thank you for the suggestion.

I wonder if this is useful tweak to make:
```suggestion
* [Alibaba Load Balancer Controller](https://github.com/alibaba/alibaba-load-balancer-controller) is an intress controller that allows you to use
  Alibaba ALB (Application Load Balancer) and NLB (Network Load Balancer) in your
  Kubernetes cluster.
```

?
